Require modern TLS (#2462)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-unprompted-auth.md

contexts used by each scheme). The TLS keying material exporter is used to
generate a 32-byte key which is then used as a nonce.

> Because the TLS keying material exporter is only secure for authentication when
> it is uniquely bound to the TLS session {{!RFC7627}}, unprompted auth is only
> defined for versions of TLS with this property, i.e. TLS 1.2 with extended
> master secret {{!RFC7627}}, TLS 1.3 {{!TLS}}, and later. Use of unprompted auth
> with prior versions of TLS is not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the TLS keying material exporter is only secure for authentication when
it is uniquely bound to the TLS session {{!RFC7627}}, the Signature and HMAC
authentication schemes require either one of the following properties:

* The TLS version in use is greater or equal to 1.3 {{TLS}}.
* The TLS version in use is greater or equal to 1.2 and the Extended
Master Secret extension {{RFC7627}} has been negotiated.

Clients MUST NOT use the Signature and HMAC authentication
schemes on connections that do not meet one of the two properties
above. If a server receives a request that uses these authentication
schemes on a connection that meets neither of the above properties,
the server MUST treat the request as malformed.
```
